Friends here our concept is very freeing boat A3 environments set up on
Windows and Linux servers to work with AWS services using Python Bhutto, three skips.
See from our previous videos already we done the setup
for Bhutto three on your Windows as well as Linux servers.
So simply our environment setup is we install some Python version.
Then we installed moto 300 PwC lay packages,
software that we configured the credentials for
Root Account and then to IAM users on your both windows as well as Linux servers.
Now you can verify this setup either on Windows or Linux.
Fine.
Now here we are verifying this setup with a simple example.
So my example is,
I want to implement a simple Python Bluetooth
restrict to list all my users from my Ada, bless a cone.
Before implementing Python Bhutto that escaped,
I want to show you manual steps to list
to see if we're all I am users from your AWS account.
So first let me take a note.
Manual steps to see our list.
All IAM users.
See manually if you want to see all your IAM uses.
So what is the first step?
You have to open a browser,
then how to login into your butter AWS account by providing the credentials
of your AWS account so that you are going to get ALS management console into your hand.
So getting AWS management console is the first step.
So get AWS management console.
But in the first step, step to see from your analyst management console,
you can enter into any service.
Suppose I want to walk with easy to,
then you have to select ec2 service and you have to get EC2 Console.
If I want to walk with S3,
you had to get S3 console.
Now I want to work with IU.
If you want to work with IBM,
you hope to get I am console.
So this is a second step, c,
this entire thing is I am console right?
Now. Get IAM console.
That is the second step.
Now from IAM console.
See this is I am console, right?
From this I am console.
If I want to see group,
you have to select option called groups.
If you want to see users,
you have to select users option, right?
So after getting your IAM Console under human I am console,
you are having options.
Whether you want to work with users or groups,
or roles or policies, that is your wish.
So these two are the steps to get your IAM users.
Now these two steps or helpful to implement
your Python Bhutto transcripts for any integral Service.
Now let me implement your Python Bhutto three scripts.
So if you want to implement Python Bhutto,
the risk it first you have to import Bhutto three.
Then now you are having Bhutto three in your hand. Then what is the first step?
Get AWS management console.
Now let me take a logic to get your NLS management console.
So I'm taking a variable called AWS management console equals two.
You can take any variable just for your understanding as of no MTV, this variable.
Equals to moto three.
Remember this syntax?
C, to get your analysts management console,
you are providing your enemies credentials.
Now here, through programmatic,
you hard to provide programmatic access keys.
But already we configured
our programmatic access keys on our local server with some profile limbs.
If you want to walk with the router cone root credentials,
you have to take profile name as route.
If you want to walk with padlet I am user,
you just select Butler profile name from your credentials files on your local host.
Say now I want to walk with the root credentials,
then profile name equals to route.
If you want to work with Butler IAM user,
just providing her butler IAM user profile name which you configured on your local host.
Fine.
Seed to get your AWS management console through programmatically,
the is the step. You have to remember this.
Now once if you get your AWS management console from that, you can get your,
I am concerned right now to get your IAM Console.
Take your AWS management console variable.
Then on this, how to perform one logic.
That logic is you can get your IAM console using resource, our client options.
As of now I'm taking Resource,
don't worry about client.
I will discuss in detail about the resource and client now resource.
So I want to work with IAM in case if you want to work with S3,
Just take S3 here.
These simply variable, you can take any variable here.
These two are simply variables.
You can take any variables,
but here they are creating in terms of objects,
but don't worry about that.
Now I am console from your management console,
take resource option, then provide your Butler Service I want to work with.
I am. That's it.
Now you how your AWS management console, you're IAM console.
From VM console you have to select options,
what you want to see.
So here I am directly writing a logic as of now, don't worry about it.
We'll discuss in detail while going forward for each user in from your IAM console.
If I want to see if they wanted to work with groups, you have to select two groups.
If I wanted to work with the users,
users, I want to see all users.
That's a then print you are each user.name.
So don't worry about this.
Logic will discuss that.
But just we are verifying the setup.
Let me open my windows terminal.
Here I'm implementing this script.
So list IAM uses that P1. That's it.
Let me save it. Run it. See the output.
Yes, you are getting.
So these two are the IAM users are how in my edibles accord see that?
Not only I am users,
let me implement one more Python script.
Suppose I want to list all my S3 buckets.
So simply, you have to import beta3.
Then first to get your AWS management console.
You can take any variable here.
Moto three dot session.
You have to remember the syntax.
Then Profile Name.
Let me take root or any I am users which you configured on your local host.
Then now get S3 console.
So S3 console equals to from your management console,
you have to enter into S3 so that you can enter into using two options.
One is resource on one more is client.
As of now, we are taking only resource.
Yes, three, that's a. Now let me copy it.
List three buckets.
Dot p, y for each bucket.
Again, this is also variable,
you know, for loop in Python, right?
Then your S3 Console.
Under S3 console, all buckets.
Then print the word bucket name.
That's a no, let me save it and run it.
See the output. Yes.
So these many buckets I have in my database console,
I mean, in my S3.
So let me go to S3 and see that.
How many buckets I here.
Right?
That's a, so whatever setup we'd done on our Windows server that is working.
Now let me take these two script and let me verify this on my Linux server as well.
So simply copied for this is my Linux.
So let me create list.
Iam uses dot p y.
Let's say, let me run this using Python three.
Yes, you're getting your two, I am users.
The same way you another script also will work.
And one more thing, see interwar Linux servers.
We can write shebang line interpreter line.
You just copy it and open your Python script.
And right at very first,
like a shebang line or interpreter line,
save it, provide the execution permissions.
Now you can run dot slash.
That's it, right?
So our Anyone meant setup is working
with you are Butler edible soccer and that's it. Okay.
I will discuss in detail about each option which are there in your bu t.
Okay.
Thank you.